Stéphane Bourdeaud: Hey, wait.
Kostadis Roussos: Hello?
Wade Brown: Salud?
Kostadis Roussos: We'll see entrance.
Wade Brown: Dave said he's joining. It's.
Kostadis Roussos: Can people hear me?
Wade Brown: I… I hear you.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, we'll see if Dave joins, I think…
Wade Brown: He said he was coming, he said he had a meeting right before this, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, because he had said, I didn't check the… I didn't check the latest.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Pretty good.
Wade Brown: It moves so fast, it's hard to keep up.
Kostadis Roussos: I know.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Are you in Chicago, Stadis?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: How's it going?
Kostadis Roussos: It's going good, it's going good.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: I did, I did two talks today.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Nice.
Kostadis Roussos: Sounds fun.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, talk on…
Wade Brown: The bird's gonna talk on the bees.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no. I wish… that would have been a fun talk.
Kostadis Roussos: It was actually more mundane and… it was a lot more mundane. It was a talk on, our architecture.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Which was…
Kostadis Roussos: I actually think it was well received. An analyst who was particularly neutral on us had nothing but positive things to say afterwards.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: How much did you pay?
Kostadis Roussos: Offer.
Kostadis Roussos: Just kind words and willingness to talk to him.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Outstanding.
Kostadis Roussos: And not treat him like an idiot, I think is the extent of the contribution I did.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So what is this? I connect to the game, and I see a dragon.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What the hell?
Kostadis Roussos: Would you read my summaries?
Kostadis Roussos: I provide lots of detailed summaries.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I give you…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Where?
Kostadis Roussos: I did.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Where is the summary?
Wade Brown: It's in a different channel on Discord. I don't know if you posted one last week, did you?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, the last update in, Daylon's story so far… Oh my god!
Kostadis Roussos: Gosh.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: February 25th.
Kostadis Roussos: I've been working on creating this… automating my story-taking so much that I forgot to put… to automate the most important thing.
Wade Brown: Publish button? Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: There you go.
Wade Brown: Anyway, that dragon is in chains, don't worry, it's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he's not in chains.
Wade Brown: Oh, right, right, it broke.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm free.
Wade Brown: It was chained.
Kostadis Roussos: And it hit you with a… what should we call it? Here.
Wade Brown: I'm still at full health, I thought… I thought I hit the… I thought it, like, blueberry or something, not me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, that's what I was gonna… I said blueberry.
Wade Brown: Oh, right, so I hit you referring to, not me.
Wade Brown: There are other people in the world besides me.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, I lost 30 hit points?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it was…
Wade Brown: I'll find him later.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so here's the snark… I just posted the snarky version?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And now the equal version…
Kostadis Roussos: I want the longer version, I put it in the notes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It's in the thread there.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, this was not the snarky version, this was the more polite summary version.
Kostadis Roussos: This is the short version.
Kostadis Roussos: I will also put the snarky version, because it's funny.
Kostadis Roussos: Like I said.
Kostadis Roussos: I have so many summaries. Oh, no. That was the wrong thing again.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: I like that. Our intrepid band of adventurers decided that the front door of a Dragon's Mountain fortress was simply too conventional for their tastes.
Wade Brown: Yeah, that sounds right.
Kostadis Roussos: She found Cryinvane not lounging menacingly, but magically changed inside a glowing summoning circle.
Kostadis Roussos: Performing what could be most described as the world's most ill-advised dragon therapy session.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So it's the cone of freezing death, of freezing breath, that…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so… yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, it's in the air.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, you charged into combat.
Kostadis Roussos: You did ask… Yeah, you did ask, hey, can I, do we want to use the, the Ring of Fireballs?
Wade Brown: Yeah, but you know what the response was. It's not ours to use!
Kostadis Roussos: I know, it was even better. He said.
Kostadis Roussos: I… it's probably immune to fireballs.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, it's a dragon, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, didn't we find a swold that was supposed to be… Slee the.
Wade Brown: Believe you have it.
Wade Brown: The dragon's not really the problem.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, the cover is, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, whoever's possessed the dragon is.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, I do have this one. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, you were using the sword. That was not the problem.
Kostadis Roussos: The problem is it's 30 feet up in the sky.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Good news is it's completely insane. Alright.
Wade Brown: As is the party.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: And the carver is currently, being held.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: We got a little Soma over there, so yes, big Soma.
Wade Brown: Oh yeah, I… I don't necessarily… I should probably just delete my tokens, but…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, it's fine, it's fine, it just… Or inviting myself these aren't.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And what's this blue circle with a cross inside?
Kostadis Roussos: That was where the ritual was taking place.
Kostadis Roussos: That was… that was the… that was where the Carver's Ritual was hav… was… was…
Wade Brown: Rudely interrupted.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, here I am, I just, I'm just, you know, what's the word I'm looking for?
Wade Brown: A naturalist?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm just a, you know, I'm just an alien entity.
Kostadis Roussos: That's trying to take possession of a dragon, and you guys are too rude to just let me be.
Wade Brown: How wooed.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not like I was gonna do anything to anyone other than burn down your favorite town and kill and maim and, you know, try to build up my own despotic empire.
Kostadis Roussos: Naturalists would have let me go.
Wade Brown: Yeah, well, call our main interventionist these days.
Kostadis Roussos: A naturalist would have let me go. They would have recognized me as a natural element and not to be interfered with.
Wade Brown: Yeah, they… they co-opted the language pretty well.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, I have to be honest with you, Wade, the naturalist interventionist thing was inspired by your snark.
Wade Brown: Excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: Like.
Wade Brown: I approve, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me be clear, since I know how much those things irritate you, I thought this was something that he will enjoy.
Wade Brown: Oh, oh, it irritates the fuck out of me.
Kostadis Roussos: So I'm hoping you're enjoying it.
Wade Brown: I am, I am.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, because I did, like, this was an audible.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, let me just send a text to Dave, is he joining us?
Wade Brown: He… he's here, he's literally just.
David Mendenhall: Oh, you're only…
Kostadis Roussos: That's okay, man. Are you okay? You sound… Where are you?
David Mendenhall: I'm in a bathroom.
Wade Brown: That sure sounds like it.
David Mendenhall: Are you.
Wade Brown: Legit in a bathroom? Like…
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Oh, wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Is this one of those awkward moments that we should all, like, turn off our videos and walk away?
David Mendenhall: Wow.
David Mendenhall: I'm fine.
Kostadis Roussos: I know you're fine, I said this is not one of those awkward moments, right?
David Mendenhall: It's not awkward for me. Is it awkward for you?
Wade Brown: It's only awkward if you make it awkward. Stop being weird.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let's, alright.
David Mendenhall: Who's gonna play Gary's character?
Kostadis Roussos: I suppose I can…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So what was the plan here, then?
Wade Brown: plan.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Slays a dragon?
Kostadis Roussos: All right, so let me just, to help, to… yes, so the plan is that the dragon is… so what happened was the carver, which was the sword, took possession of the dragon.
Wade Brown: Well, it's en route to taking possession.
Kostadis Roussos: of the dragon. And so, the dragon is… and so it has 3 rounds in which to complete that action. It has already gone through 1 round, so we are on the second round.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: But now the dragon is flying up in the air, and unreachable, or out of reach of the sword, anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: But he is enraged, so he's not, like, he's not doing the normal thing, which would be to go away.
Kostadis Roussos: So you can prepare an action to attack him, kind of thing.
Wade Brown: If he bothers to come down instead of just, you know, breathe shit from above.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, there's also that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So where is the cover? Ben? I don't see him in.
Kostadis Roussos: The carver is currently possessing the dragon.
Wade Brown: Yeah, he is… he's… Transferring into Dragon.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right, okay.
Wade Brown: Ghostbusters 2, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Here, we'll We'll, we'll, we'll add some kind of cute little icon.
Kostadis Roussos: Here, we'll make him… we'll make him… we'll tint the color purple there.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: Alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So,
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Why am I not seeing this?
Wade Brown: We can begin here at… Veteran, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: He's paralyzed, so…
Wade Brown: I am Brown Bear.
David Mendenhall: So he gets a… is this his saving throw to break down?
Kostadis Roussos: I rolled… I rolled… I rolled a 6, so he's still paralyzed.
David Mendenhall: He's still paralyzed. What a shame.
Kostadis Roussos: No shame.
David Mendenhall: For him.
Wade Brown: It doesn't really matter. He might actually help us at this point, who knows?
David Mendenhall: I don't know.
Wade Brown: The sword has been, you know, treating him like shit.
David Mendenhall: I don't know about that.
Kostadis Roussos: You never know, you never know.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Valfina, you're up. Oh, that would be me.
Wade Brown: That would be you, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Well, whoever's gonna play Velfine.
Kostadis Roussos: If anybody has any opinions over what she should do, this is a good time to tell me.
David Mendenhall: Does she have Fireball?
Wade Brown: She's got a necklace of fireball beads.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, so she, she looks…
Kostadis Roussos: She looks at you and wonders if she can steal the fireball beads and throw them.
David Mendenhall: With the necklace?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, she looks at it.
David Mendenhall: You're not allowed to use that, no.
Kostadis Roussos: Then she pauses and reflects on what would Lathander say? And she thinks that Lathander would like to have her, you know… she's very conflicted, she's having moments of chaos and indecision.
Kostadis Roussos: While I try to figure out… will I navigate to Gary's character sheet?
Kostadis Roussos: She asks herself, What does she ask herself?
Kostadis Roussos: About Phine. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, spells. What spells do I have?
Kostadis Roussos: Not…
Wade Brown: Fireball.
Kostadis Roussos: No, of course I don't have Fireball, that would be… that would be too convenient.
David Mendenhall: Gotta be some area of effect spell.
David Mendenhall: That can reach.
David Mendenhall: And can do 49 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: What? Well, there's Guiding Bolt.
David Mendenhall: I'd up-level it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so, third level guiding bolt?
David Mendenhall: Don't miss!
Wade Brown: Guiding Bolt doesn't miss, right?
David Mendenhall: No, I can miss.
Wade Brown: Oh, I…
David Mendenhall: I can mess, it's not magic muscle.
Kostadis Roussos: Does anybody have anything that can help me?
David Mendenhall: Let's see, well… you've got a Bardic Inspiration, so if you need it, use it. But you have to roll first.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh!
David Mendenhall: What do you need to hit?
Kostadis Roussos: I think I rolled a 2.
David Mendenhall: Well, roll a D8 and see if you can get…
David Mendenhall: Some more on that guiding bolt.
Kostadis Roussos: I missed it.
David Mendenhall: Jesus Christ, dude.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, I, like, somebody else could have rolled.
David Mendenhall: What the hell?
David Mendenhall: Oh my god. Alright, well, that was a waste. Alright, Soma.
Wade Brown: Yeah, so, what's the over-under?
David Mendenhall: than that.
Wade Brown: Well…
Kostadis Roussos: You have a choice. You can either.
Wade Brown: I could either prepare an attack, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Once you cast… you can cast… you can also.
Wade Brown: I can pass Moonbeam. Yeah, that's probably the best I got. Let me make sure Moonbeam goes high enough, because it is a…
Wade Brown: I think it is strong enough, or…
Wade Brown: I hadn't checked. The other thing is…
David Mendenhall: I'll do Upcasted Moonbeam.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I just wanna make sure it's, it's a… a cylinder…
Wade Brown: 5 foot radius, 40 foot high cylinder. He's only 30 feet up.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it is.
Wade Brown: Alright, then yeah, we'll bring out the Moonbeam. It's the best I got. And… level 3 for it, why not?
Wade Brown: So spawn moonbeam underneath his butt.
Wade Brown: And…
David Mendenhall: Not the best role, but…
Wade Brown: Yay.
Kostadis Roussos: Honestly.
David Mendenhall: move.
Kostadis Roussos: Consultation, take care.
Kostadis Roussos: I rolled…
Wade Brown: Bring in a, moonbeam circle…
Kostadis Roussos: He takes 8 points of damage.
Wade Brown: Bummer. Well, it takes them down to 41.
David Mendenhall: Okay, down to 41.
Wade Brown: And I'm going to kind of get out of AoE range, I think.
Wade Brown: Alright, buddy.
David Mendenhall: Uber is up.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I'm gonna take a moment and put on the circle, but it's alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, I mean, what can I do here?
David Mendenhall: You've got hand axes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You want me to throw the axes at the flying dragon?
David Mendenhall: You could.
David Mendenhall: I don't know, do you have spells?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No.
David Mendenhall: wealth?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I… Definitely do not have space.
David Mendenhall: Let me know if you have any other ideas.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Just realized something. Could you read… could you check on how tall Blueberry is when he becomes in giant form?
David Mendenhall: Probably 10 feet.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: have been written.
Kostadis Roussos: I think he's got… what's his reach?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Your reach increases by 5 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he's… how tall is he?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It doesn't say it is while raging, your reach increases by 5 feet, and if you are smaller than large, and there is enough room for you to increase your size, you become large.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Along with anything that you are wearing.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That means what? I have a 15 feet reach, and…
Kostadis Roussos: When you become large, what is your height when you become large?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Do not know.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Where would that be?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Specified.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he becomes large. Does your large form, as opposed to large for 10 minutes.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, activate large form, okay. Once per long rest as a bonus action, you can change your learning, 10 minutes, yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You have advantage on strength checks, and your speed increases by 10 feet, but yeah, it doesn't specify the height.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I doubt that I would be able to reach 30 feet, so…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Unless I'm Michael Jordan, I can jump very high.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, so should I just throw the hand axe, I guess?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so it increases your feet to at least 10 to 15 feet, so let's say 15 feet, and your reach is 15 feet, so you could, in theory, hit him with a halberd.
David Mendenhall: Well, his reach isn't 15 feet with the Dragon Slayer sword. It would only move the halperd.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it would be… you'd have to use the halberd.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep, yep.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, well, let's do that. That's much better than the…
David Mendenhall: That's probably better than the hand axes, yeah.
Wade Brown: Yeah, same, like, guiding bolt's not there, but…
Kostadis Roussos: That is 11 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: That's nice. We'll take 11.
David Mendenhall: And you get two attacks, right? Yep.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, right.
Wade Brown: Is there a rage bonus that you forgot on any of that?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, there's a… Okay, so…
David Mendenhall: Oh yeah, rage bonuses, too. Nice!
Kostadis Roussos: And then what's the second attack?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 12.
Kostadis Roussos: You rolled a 12, or 12 points of damage? I am sorry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 12 points of damage, I rolled, 23.
Kostadis Roussos: 14 worth of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The, the dragon was not expecting that.
David Mendenhall: Did you, record the 12th?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I recorded the first 12, I haven't recorded the… it's currently 28, somebody has to knock it down to, 16.
David Mendenhall: So, 16…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: See, it is…
David Mendenhall: Alright, so Dragon is up.
Kostadis Roussos: 14, 14, 14, yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I've got the PS24 rate.
David Mendenhall: Alright, product 14, thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: He can breathe again, so…
David Mendenhall: Who's he breathing on?
Kostadis Roussos: Brewberry, of course.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, that's funny.
Kostadis Roussos: Bye-bye.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Guys, was fun.
Kostadis Roussos: Y'all?
David Mendenhall: Didn't you, yeah, you don't have the deathboard thing, do you?
David Mendenhall: Sorry.
David Mendenhall: We'll get you. You'll be fine.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, yeah, it's like, oh, then.
David Mendenhall: Alfina needs something to do, anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: All right. -Oh. Oh, that was, that was cold. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, I can reduce damage with a stone's endurance, but…
Wade Brown: Not every type of damage. I think this one in particular, you couldn't.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he couldn't. That's why it was…
Wade Brown: Oh, okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Damage, you can take…
Kostadis Roussos: His raging… his rage cannot affect it.
David Mendenhall: How many, how many…
Wade Brown: Oh, damn right.
David Mendenhall: Is it, like, 50 points?
Kostadis Roussos: I have to check, hold on.
Wade Brown: How much damage is it?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: How much damage?
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody's like, I'm feeling pressure, man!
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no land.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm feeling pressure here, man, I don't like it when I feel pressure.
David Mendenhall: Dragon's arm.
Wade Brown: Teasing, man, don't worry.
Kostadis Roussos: 45 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, hold on, hold on. I can take the stone's entrance and roll this… 8.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, hold on, no, you still have to roll your Constitution saving throw, so it's 45, so roll a constitution saving throw.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Did that roll it? No, okay. There we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you made it. So it's, 22, you take 14 points of damage.
Wade Brown: Hey, you're still alive!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Whoa!
David Mendenhall: That's amazing.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 14 new sets. I've got 6 points left, okay.
Wade Brown: He can take two Dragon.
David Mendenhall: Straight to the face.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: You're doing great.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so…
David Mendenhall: This dragon is about to die.
David Mendenhall: Correct?
Wade Brown: You gonna mock him to death?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, where is the calver gonna go when the dragon dies, I guess is the question.
Kostadis Roussos: It flies away. Now, is it?
Kostadis Roussos: Could you read, like.
David Mendenhall: Or the dragon flew away?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he flies away to not be in the cone of radius.
Wade Brown: Yeah, it's just gonna move next turn, but whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm just trying to say, where is he moving? I can't believe that that just happened. That was, like, the most disappointing… like, if I'm a dragon right now, I'm feeling disappointed.
Wade Brown: Two breaths, and you couldn't take down one character.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm like, this is just, like, embarrassing.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
Wade Brown: Alright.
David Mendenhall: today.
Kostadis Roussos: Go for it.
Wade Brown: Today is a good day to die.
Kostadis Roussos: Today is a good day to die.
David Mendenhall: Did it work? Why didn't it connect?
Wade Brown: -Oh.
Wade Brown: Don't ask me how the internet works.
Wade Brown: Ask Claude.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: We'll try again.
David Mendenhall: Hmm, it's not going.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, just tell me what the result is.
David Mendenhall: Oh, which side?
Wade Brown: Channel 20.
David Mendenhall: I rolled 20.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I saw the dice roll.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: On my character sheet.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, if you roll it from your… from the D&D beyond, it will, oh, yeah.
Wade Brown: I see it, too. I see a 13 and a 20.
David Mendenhall: Okay, well, the 13 was the first one, which is.
Wade Brown: Well, 13 plus 7, yeah, so…
David Mendenhall: So, 13… misses, but I can use my Bardic Inspiration, which is guaranteed to give me at least 1, so that's a hit.
David Mendenhall: Okay, so that's a hit using the Bardic inspiration.
David Mendenhall: And then… but not a critical, and I roll 2d8 damage.
David Mendenhall: 12 damage.
David Mendenhall: Oh, he's down to 2.
Wade Brown: Alright, I think the Moonbeam will get him.
David Mendenhall: Veteran is up.
Wade Brown: Yep.
Wade Brown: Oh, he's still held, right?
David Mendenhall: We'll see.
Kostadis Roussos: You still held.
Kostadis Roussos: The hold person spell has been proven to be very…
David Mendenhall: Still held. Excellent. I love it. I love it.
David Mendenhall: Okay, Valfina, you're up.
Wade Brown: That would be you, Costatas.
Kostadis Roussos: I know, what do you guys want me to do? I mean, like, Valfina's.
David Mendenhall: If you're frozen.
Wade Brown: I don't know.
David Mendenhall: The fruits of death.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Damage, come on.
David Mendenhall: Arrow at the…
Wade Brown: Yeah, the bard will sing songs of you slaying the dragon.
David Mendenhall: Can you do 2 points of damage with your arrow? Or you miss, like usual?
Kostadis Roussos: She looks at you and says, I don't think that is the way you want to talk to me right now.
Wade Brown: You're supposed to cast Vicious Mockery on the dragon, not the party.
Kostadis Roussos: So she uses Sacred Flame.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Although.
Wade Brown: Or you don't have Tall the Dead or anything?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You hear Brewberry roar, victory is.
David Mendenhall: Sacred Flame, really? What are you…
Kostadis Roussos: Points of damage to heart.
Wade Brown: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Hey, don't you dare mock Shadowheart Sacred.
David Mendenhall: Alright, well, that's a guaranteed kill. Oh, no, no, no, no, it's save as full save, so he has to…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: What's his DEX?
David Mendenhall: Not a fire.
Kostadis Roussos: I have to check.
Kostadis Roussos: It's, 3, so he, he died.
David Mendenhall: Dead Dragon.
Kostadis Roussos: And the carver… and the carver's essence dissipates, and it too is gone.
Wade Brown: McCarver's just gone for good, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, the carpet.
Wade Brown: Hanover, we win.
David Mendenhall: Okay, Selma, you can go kill the veteran now.
David Mendenhall: If you'd like to do non-lethal damage.
Wade Brown: I, yeah, I'm not a fan of just killing them, so yeah, non-lethal. We can do non-lethal bear claws, right?
David Mendenhall: Non-lethal bear is fine.
Wade Brown: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, are you okay with this, Vukardin? I mean, I haven't quite figured out where you stand.
David Mendenhall: It's non-lethal damage. He's evil.
Wade Brown: I'm the one who doesn't want everything to die, you're, you know, bucher didn't… Seems more… Ambiguous about it.
David Mendenhall: I am enraged at all the corruption and evil that is stinying me from my music studio.
Wade Brown: Anyway, it's guaranteed crit on the hold person, right?
David Mendenhall: Right. If you hit.
Wade Brown: I mean, okay. Advantage 2? I forget.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's paralyzed, so yeah, I think so.
Wade Brown: I mean, so, how much HP did he have? And those should probably be crits, so they're…
Wade Brown: I always forget how crit is calculated.
David Mendenhall: Attack rolls have advantage… Automatic critical, if you hit.
Wade Brown: Yeah, how do I add critical damage? I forget. The… is it just… The attack roll again?
David Mendenhall: But without your bonuses.
Wade Brown: Right, so it's just a…
Wade Brown: So it's 1d8 and 2D6, alright, so I'll add those two in, so… let's roll 1D8…
Wade Brown: And 2D6, no bonuses on this. Alright, so he took, 20 plus 3 plus 3, so 26 on…
David Mendenhall: many months.
Wade Brown: He's, I'm not very good at this, 60…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: pretty tanky.
Wade Brown: 64.
David Mendenhall: If only you had a spreadsheet that would do the calculation for you.
Wade Brown: And then the… the… this moonbeam comes over and, you know, sits on his face.
David Mendenhall: That does some more damage, I assume.
Wade Brown: It does, when it moves in. It does… 17 more damage.
David Mendenhall: When he fails, auto fails the save.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Oh, no, no, Constitution, he still gets a savings throw roll.
Kostadis Roussos: He failed.
Wade Brown: So, yeah, you're down to 47.
David Mendenhall: Rubbery, you want to finish them off?
Wade Brown: Don't kill, don't kill! He was just a victim!
David Mendenhall: Hmm, I think…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We want to finish him off. I don't know.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Do we?
Wade Brown: Someo would be better off not killing indiscriminately, but, you know…
Wade Brown: You might be a little blood-ragey after all the damage you've suffered.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I guess.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, I guess we will kill.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'll try.
Wade Brown: Absolutely.
Kostadis Roussos: It has been decided.
Wade Brown: I'm on the record as not being pro-killing, but that's okay.
David Mendenhall: Is that immense?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I have Bardic inspiration.
David Mendenhall: You have advantage, you have advantage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, yes, yes, yes, so let me roll it again.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Very exciting.
David Mendenhall: There's a head.
Wade Brown: Biden.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's 11 plus 2… Where is he?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I know it's, it's critical as well.
David Mendenhall: Yes, 14 plus critical.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So… How do I roll the criticals? Do we just double the damage?
David Mendenhall: No, it's just the base of the halberd, whenever the halberd's base damage is rolled again.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What is the base damage? There it is.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So that would be 20… so 14, we said, no, 13, plus 9, 22, right?
David Mendenhall: Okay, and then second attack.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Let me just move down to 22…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And… where is the second attack? There we go. I forgot to roll it with advantage again, so let me roll that again.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 18.
David Mendenhall: Plus critical damage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, so that's 15 to 28, but let's do 30.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So he's got… Where is he? 30. 30, he's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: You dead?
Kostadis Roussos: The carver… Yes. Oh, he's not dead. Did you kill him, or…
David Mendenhall: He's unconscious, non-lethal damage.
Wade Brown: I don't know, I thought he was saying kill, but…
Kostadis Roussos: So, with Blueberry, did you kill him, or did you knock him out?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I was… I was going for a kill.
Wade Brown: You're going for Kelly at.
David Mendenhall: Oh, you killed him. Okay.
Wade Brown: tracks.
David Mendenhall: Cool.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Sorry.
Wade Brown: No, no, it's…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: There's a raging barbarian here.
Wade Brown: Dude…
David Mendenhall: I'm fine, I'm fine with that.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I'm the only one with some.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Pointing at him, and I'm, you know, I'm shouting, I win, you lose tradition upheld.
David Mendenhall: There's always speak with Dad, man.
Wade Brown: And it'll come, you know, chomp on you. No, I'm not gonna turn on you.
Wade Brown: You could. You wouldn't stand up to Baron.
David Mendenhall: You owned that combat.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Wade Brown: You mean?
David Mendenhall: Was he serious ownage in that combat?
Wade Brown: You have been pwned.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you guys did well.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see, now I need to go figure out what happens next.
David Mendenhall: Silas, where are you?
Kostadis Roussos: I am in, Chicago.
David Mendenhall: You're in Chicago.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm at a Nutanix's, annual conference.
Kostadis Roussos: Why were we?
Wade Brown: The fun never ends.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, invite all of our customers, kind of thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, what are my other creatures in handouts? Shit. Yes, I was still looking at the wrong…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So I hope this will inspire a song in your new music studio.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, we killed the dragon, man!
Wade Brown: Fine did it.
Wade Brown: The legend of the Great Velcine.
Kostadis Roussos: I see you.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Barely… you barely finished what I had already started.
David Mendenhall: I'll go with we. We, we did it.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm… Oh my god, where's… where are they?
David Mendenhall: Now we can finally depose the corrupt mayor.
Wade Brown: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Well.
Wade Brown: Pardon.
Kostadis Roussos: As you're looking around, so… Okay, I guess it's here.
Wade Brown: with the dragon!
Kostadis Roussos: Loot the dragon. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: As you look around, that… the… You find a block of… Loot.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: loot.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You mean…
David Mendenhall: treasure.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it's roughly 3,000 GP worth of goings, gems, and trade bars that have been fused in sort of some residium-infused ice. Sort of like…
Kostadis Roussos: And they've melted to all, beyond all, beyond all recognition.
David Mendenhall: Oh, the treasure is destroyed.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean… It's melting.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Gold is still there.
Wade Brown: Yeah, it's Treasure Slag.
Kostadis Roussos: It is Treasure's slag. Yeah. So,
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, and so, the one downside, someone, roll an Arcana check.
Wade Brown: Not me.
David Mendenhall: Not very either. I like it.
Wade Brown: Dude, my Arcana is, like, negative 5 or something stupid.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Anybody's got a healing for me?
David Mendenhall: I got a 10.
Kostadis Roussos: I guess, Valfina, I guess I should check.
Wade Brown: Yeah, Valpina's probably the best.
Kostadis Roussos: No, she's terrible.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that was a zero.
Wade Brown: Alright, fine, I'll roll my minus 1.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'll rub it.
Wade Brown: I got a 16, there you go.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, wow! Soma! Pour the wind!
Kostadis Roussos: Soma, who's a natural… who's, of course, is an interventionist.
Wade Brown: I… apparently I am.
Kostadis Roussos: And I've become attuned to the events of.
Wade Brown: It's a…
Kostadis Roussos: The interplanar… the interplanar dynamics recognizes that the… not only has the ice been fused, but it has been fused thanks to some kind of planar trickery.
Wade Brown: So is there, like, bits of it from other realms, or bits of other realms material in there, or something like that?
Kostadis Roussos: You're not quite sure, but you realize you're gonna need to go find a planar theorist who can help you solve this problem.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, it's probably being shifted to a Swiss bank.
Wade Brown: I also assume that we can't find the owners of this treasure on this plane of existence, then, right?
Kostadis Roussos: and destroyed beyond all recognition, so it is, in fact… I mean, you could ask Carbon Wester if it's, you know, conflict-free gold, whether it would be certified as such.
Kostadis Roussos: Because, you know, it's… any distinguishing markings have, in fact, been destroyed.
Wade Brown: Wiled up all the serial numbers.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: They could still file up a claim on how much gold ounces that they…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, there's no…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Parked.
Wade Brown: Oh, pardon.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so that's what.
David Mendenhall: Did we record this on the Treasure Tracker?
Wade Brown: Sorry, this is… is… oh, you got it.
David Mendenhall: I don't… actually, no, go ahead, because I was doing something else.
Wade Brown: This is… it's… blood.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's not blood, it's… it's… I think this one…
Wade Brown: We're… are… are we calling this not blood? Alright.
David Mendenhall: Why would it not be blood? Of course it's blood.
Kostadis Roussos: It… there's no distinguishing markings on it.
Kostadis Roussos: You could probably… I mean, well, Val feed it.
David Mendenhall: What, so that means it's not stolen?
David Mendenhall: Like, because you scratched the serial number off?
Kostadis Roussos: How do we know whoever turns.
David Mendenhall: Like a, like a criminal would? Exactly.
David Mendenhall: Maybe.
Wade Brown: So, that last column… That last column has no label other than zero.
David Mendenhall: It's just a count. Oh, actually, I don't know what, I don't know what it's supposed to be.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I mean, you could ask… you can ask the local authorities what they think.
David Mendenhall: Oh, we added it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: do.
David Mendenhall: Right, because they're so honorable and trustworthy?
Kostadis Roussos: Mr. Puritan… Mr. Puritan.
Wade Brown: Look at Steiner over here, reflections on trusting trust, you know.
Wade Brown: Never know who's actually true here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. All right, and as you're, as you're, re… so you…
Wade Brown: Anything else from the dragon? It's like, you know… Hearts of Dragon, or…
Wade Brown: Organic Fair Trade Dragon Scales?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Parts of Dragon.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: This isn't Skype.
David Mendenhall: That would… that… that's… yeah. Bones or scales, that seems reasonable. We could take that stuff.
Wade Brown: I mean, we know who the owner is, it's, you know, it's that corporate right there.
David Mendenhall: That's not stolen. That would be acceptable.
Wade Brown: Dead men reclaim no treasure.
Kostadis Roussos: There we go.
Wade Brown: Hmm… Good Lord, yeah, I need a name.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, we're gonna… just give me a few seconds.
David Mendenhall: We should, update the quest tracker.
Wade Brown: Yes, we have, got a bit of time.
David Mendenhall: Kill Cryobane the Dragon with the Dragon Slayer Sword. Tear, tear, go away. Done.
Kostadis Roussos: You do have this block of solid whatever. Right.
Wade Brown: flag.
Kostadis Roussos: pleasure slag in Residium.
Kostadis Roussos: Ice. Infused ice.
Kostadis Roussos: Vukradin, when you pick up the sword, Right.
David Mendenhall: What sort?
Wade Brown: The Obsidian Sword from, the Carver?
Wade Brown: Used to house the carver.
Kostadis Roussos: You realize that the crystal that's on the pommel acts as a mental amplifier.
David Mendenhall: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: It can project.
David Mendenhall: Stick around.
Kostadis Roussos: It can project music directly into the minds of an audience, creating a perfect, hall-filling sound without the need for a physical building.
Kostadis Roussos: It is a portable studio of infinite acoustic quality.
David Mendenhall: An obsidian sword with a mind control crystal?
Wade Brown: I suddenly miss Jared.
Kostadis Roussos: Why?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Fair.
Wade Brown: audiophile commentary on…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Does it say Bose on the, prominent?
David Mendenhall: You're telling me that the sword has a mind control crystal in it?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, mine…
David Mendenhall: how the carver…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, it's not a mind control crystal, it's not mind control, it's a mind amplifying.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Tenemp.
David Mendenhall: What does that mean? I actually don't really know, sorry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I don't know what an amp is.
Kostadis Roussos: It is a mental… I'm telling you, it can project music… so here's what it can do.
Kostadis Roussos: It can project music directly into the minds of an audience, creating a perfect, hall-filling sound without the need for a physical building.
Wade Brown: Yeah. People don't need their ears.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's a Bluetooth headset.
David Mendenhall: Well, we'll have to find out where that came from, because that seems very…
Kostadis Roussos: It is a portable studio.
Kostadis Roussos: of infinite audi… infinite acoustic quality. You don't actually need to build a studio. You are…
David Mendenhall: It seems like this was sent by the devil to tempt me, yes. Yes, save me.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, fuck.
David Mendenhall: Handcrafted for my personal quest, got it, thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: I didn't hear what you said, sorry.
David Mendenhall: I said, handcrafted for my personal quest.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, I'm just telling you, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So, yes.
David Mendenhall: We'll need a legend lore on that one.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so that one is, yeah, so yeah, so that… so you, you realize that perhaps the way the carver took control of the dead
Kostadis Roussos: The dead man is through the use of that amplifier.
David Mendenhall: Makes sense. Like I said, this could be for mind control.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, no, not really. I mean, the Carver was a particular special entity. For non-Carver-like entities, it can only be used to amplify music.
Kostadis Roussos: It does have… it does have some curious side effects, though.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Wade Brown: Side effects. Side effects include being possessed by the carver.
David Mendenhall: By using that, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
David Mendenhall: Bluetooth 5.1.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that what you guys called it?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and alright.
David Mendenhall: It's not the… it's the Bluetooth sword. Got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you just call it the Bluetooth sword?
David Mendenhall: I'm gonna call it the Bluetooth part, I like that.
Wade Brown: I guess it's black.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's not the Bluetooth sword.
David Mendenhall: It is absolutely the Bluetooth sword.
David Mendenhall: Done.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I, no, no, no, no, this is not it. This is, this is… it is a mental amplifier.
David Mendenhall: magical Bluetooth swap. Got it, sorry. Thanks for clarifying.
Kostadis Roussos: Hey, there was a lot of care and attention that went into the selection of that phrase.
David Mendenhall: Hmm. Okay.
David Mendenhall: So, I was thinking, guys…
David Mendenhall: That, with the fortress, you know, newly empty, the orcs are all going to move back in, but the orcs are also bad.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, I'm waiting for the thought here.
Wade Brown: Hey!
David Mendenhall: like.
David Mendenhall: What should we do about the orcs?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Don't… don't they deserve a place to live?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, there's… so there's a couple of orc groups that you could go target. There's the orcs that are currently in, the Temple of Sarvas, and then there's the orcs that have taken over,
Kostadis Roussos: The Falcons Lunch.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I was gonna say the cabin or whatever.
David Mendenhall: No, yeah, it was zitters.
Wade Brown: The ones that we ran away from.
David Mendenhall: No.
Wade Brown: That was a bad day.
David Mendenhall: Well, but we also need to… we need to get over to Neverwinter.
David Mendenhall: That's… that's… I would vote to go to Neverwinter.
Kostadis Roussos: So the problem is, I mean, the treasure, to return the magical, to return the thing, the person you were going to return it, you missed your window for that.
Kostadis Roussos: But you could still go to Neverwinter if you wanted to.
David Mendenhall: What, I missed my window?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, there was a choice you had to make. You made a choice.
Wade Brown: Choices have consequences?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: I wanna go to Neverwinter.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Unacceptable.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, there are consequences.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so yes, so you, you, you, you missed that opportunity to, to.
David Mendenhall: Well, I didn't miss it, no. Return statue from Lighthouse to Art Collector, and.
Kostadis Roussos: I've already talked about this. You had to choose between the dragon and the lady, and so you chose the dragon.
David Mendenhall: So you're saying that House Marcaster has already killed her?
Kostadis Roussos: That, yes, that has passed.
David Mendenhall: Well, then that, you know, fuck them. We gotta go… Her next of kin? And they're in Neverwinter.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, yes, I said you can go to Neverwinter, I'm just simply saying…
Kostadis Roussos: The particular individual that you wanted to return it to is no longer available for you to return it.
David Mendenhall: Well, it's fine. I wouldn't have known that, right? I'd be like, let's go, and then we'll find out she's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. I just wanted you to be aware.
David Mendenhall: Totally fine.
Wade Brown: Can you find that?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We're very… Blueberry doesn't care where we're heading.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, there will always be another next of kin.
David Mendenhall: What is… Blueberry doesn't care where we go?
Wade Brown: It just won'.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Constitution.
Wade Brown: drunk.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, I just… I just want to celebrate our victory.
David Mendenhall: Hey man, it's celebration time, we just killed a dragon.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Exactly.
David Mendenhall: Break out the booze.
Kostadis Roussos: You don't have any with you.
David Mendenhall: I thought… no, no, no, I thought Blueberry always had, like, an entire barrel of wine that they carried around.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Nope.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he does, but the problem is, he drank it. See, that's the problem.
David Mendenhall: A whole barrel?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I was thirsty.
Wade Brown: We have, like, that flask of non-alcoholic booze or whatever.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: None of that nonsense.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, so we're on our way to Neverwinter, I gather.
David Mendenhall: Yes, we've saved… who did we say Fambalyn for now?
David Mendenhall: I'm sure they'll never thank us, but that's okay.
David Mendenhall: They'll probably try to take… the mayor will probably try to take credit for it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: But we should ask for a reward, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I mean, work has got to be compensated.
Wade Brown: Heh.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, just as a side note, you know, roll intuition, roll insight checks.
Wade Brown: Oh, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: With this group of characters, they should all roll disadvantage, and Valfini can roll with Advantage.
Wade Brown: Aw, I gotta try again.
David Mendenhall: No, no, I'm just…
Wade Brown: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just making a comment, you know, this…
Wade Brown: Alright, well, I got my… just take my first one, then, the… The 22, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, Soma, you can choose to say this.
Kostadis Roussos: You have the insight that, Harbin Wester will seize credit for the dragon if you guys don't go…
Kostadis Roussos: And, talk to… can tell him that, no, no, we're the ones who killed the dragon.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I'm sure he will, because he's a fucking asshole.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I just…
David Mendenhall: Doesn't surprise me at all.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, the Lord's Alliance will claim credit. Lots of people are gonna claim credit for this.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I don't… I don't see Soma as caring much about the glory, so I don't… I don't think she would pass that insight along.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, just, just, you know, I just want… Soma, Soma realizes it.
Wade Brown: Look, look, the universe is safe, right? Like, or, you know, the plane of existence is safe, that's what matters most, nothing else.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and, you know, the natural order has been returned, and the drag…
Wade Brown: My vision, or Soma's vision of the natural order, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Your natural order is preserved. I need to get something to drink, give me a sec, guys.
Wade Brown: Alright.
Wade Brown: We're driving the GM to alcoholism.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So why the bathroom, Dave? Tell us the story.
Wade Brown: I don't like stories that start with, I'm trapped in the back.
David Mendenhall: He's in the other room.
Wade Brown: Okay, that's better than it could have gone.
Kostadis Roussos: So you…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: at the hotel.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And where… are you alone? Are you family? Where are you?
Wade Brown: Well, his son is there, so he's with family, but…
Kostadis Roussos: So where are you physically?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: In the bathroom, he told you.
David Mendenhall: No, I know that, but…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, so you meant, where is the bathroom physically located?
David Mendenhall: in the hotel.
Wade Brown: Down the hall.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And where is the hotel physically located?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, come on, Dave, if you don't want to tell us, don't tell us, fine.
David Mendenhall: Don't you know, anyway, you get all the… all the rumors from your wife, you know everything about me, you know everything that's going on.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I don't, actually.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. So, let's go through this.
David Mendenhall: We're also in a hotel, but you're alone, so you can take your Zoom call in the bedroom, not the bathroom.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that is true.
Kostadis Roussos: That is true. Alright, so, you haven't explored the rest of this area. Do you want to explore it, or do you want to, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Head out.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, I've got 6 hit points left, so I strongly suggest… Either you heal me.
David Mendenhall: Short grass, for the short grass.
Wade Brown: You're the only one who took an idea.
David Mendenhall: I support short resting.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, a few days.
David Mendenhall: Did Kurt recover any endpoints?
Wade Brown: I don't think I… oh, I think I get back one wild-shaped charge, that's about it.
Wade Brown: Energy, I think I get that on the short.
Wade Brown: Oh, no.
Wade Brown: Where the heck is short rest?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Find the short rest button. Where is the short rest button?
Kostadis Roussos: The top right-hand corner.
David Mendenhall: It's tough, yeah, it's…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, yes, yes, sorry, my mind isn't working.
David Mendenhall: And you have to decide how many hit twice you want to recover.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: As many as possible.
Wade Brown: Yeah, you should use them all.
Wade Brown: Those of us who didn't even, you know, get a scratch.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So… I presume you will head to… So the short rest has been taken?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It was 13.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, I did add… What was my, 6?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 13, that's 19.
David Mendenhall: We have sending stones or something like that?
Wade Brown: Didn't we get a set of them?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you did get a set of them.
David Mendenhall: But we just have to set, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Wade Brown: And, you know… oh, they were, they were actually legit, right? Like, they weren't, stolen, they were a reward.
Kostadis Roussos: They were a reward. They were a reward.
Wade Brown: Why am I not seeing them in the…
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
Wade Brown: Did we do something with them? I don't see them anywhere. Is it plot items or anything? No.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, they're under Magic Items.
Wade Brown: Oh, magic items, okay. I didn't notice there was a column over there.
David Mendenhall: I was gonna send a message to Sir Kalen, but…
David Mendenhall: I don't know how to do that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Where's all Treasure List? Where do you…
Wade Brown: It's under Party… it's on the Initiative Tracker, it's the third tab on the bottom called Party Inventory.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, yes, yes.
Wade Brown: Yeah, we… Throw things in all directions here.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Fine.
David Mendenhall: Is there a spell I can use?
David Mendenhall: spells… There's gotta be some stupid spell I can use.
Wade Brown: To do what?
Wade Brown: Thank you.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's the question.
Wade Brown: I'd like to continue exploring the room at some points.
David Mendenhall: Go for it. Go for it, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: While… so while… so, just as you're… you get up there. Alright, hold on, let's see.
Kostadis Roussos: A lean, brash woman.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's got red hair, and it's pulled back into a ponytail.
Kostadis Roussos: Appears, appears.
David Mendenhall: Perfect. Sending.
Kostadis Roussos: And… You can see her name. Alright. Sylvine, Wintermoon. She introduces herself, and she says, Oh, be praised!
Wade Brown: I'll be praised?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: Was that dragon bothering you?
Kostadis Roussos: She says… she looks at Vukradin and says, Are you Vukridin the Bard?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, that's me.
Kostadis Roussos: The one who returns the treasure to those that it has been stolen from?
David Mendenhall: No, I haven't done very well with the return.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, thank goodness.
Wade Brown: He's got the looting part down.
Kostadis Roussos: Here she goes, well, me and my brother. And you see a… no, sorry, sister, a muscular woman with black hair and cold blue eyes.
Kostadis Roussos: Sweet.
David Mendenhall: So she's just been, like, chilling out in this fortress with the dragon and the carver and, like, whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold… I didn't… I did… I… hold on. I didn't get there. I didn't get there, right? She goes.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, thank goodness! Thank goodness! Thank goodness! And she turns to the other one. Runa, didn't I tell you that that saint, Vukradin, would come and get our treasure for us?
David Mendenhall: What's this about?
Kostadis Roussos: She's like, that, she points to the block of, you know.
Wade Brown: Oh, the treasure slag?
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, thank goodness, thank goodness, Vukridan! I knew it, I knew that if all we had to do was pray to the gods, and a kind soul like Vukurten would come here and
Kostadis Roussos: Deal with that dragon, and give us an op… and give our treasure back.
Wade Brown: Well, that's the quickest we've ever found Treasurer's owners before.
Kostadis Roussos: Runa nods her head. Blessed be… blessed be!
Wade Brown: You actually believe them, though?
David Mendenhall: Jesus Christ.
David Mendenhall: Lady, I don't know who you are, I don't know how you think that all 3,000 gold that this dragon hoarded over its long life is somehow yours, but I don't really believe you.
Wade Brown: Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You're gonna need to add substance to your claim.
David Mendenhall: You're probably gonna try to steal this, like everybody else steals.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes.
David Mendenhall: You're one of them.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I am…
David Mendenhall: Why don't you just get out of here? Get outta here.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm…
David Mendenhall: Let's go.
Kostadis Roussos: I am hurt. You are going.
David Mendenhall: Good. You shouldn't either.
Kostadis Roussos: You are a thief!
David Mendenhall: I am tired of all these liars and cheats in this land. Get out of here.
Wade Brown: Phonies, these goddamn phonies!
Kostadis Roussos: Boom.
David Mendenhall: There's nobody left worthy.
David Mendenhall: Alright, chew her off.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you try to shoo her off. She, on the other hand, decides that $3,000.
David Mendenhall: Where she's gonna attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, she's… Alright, she's gonna…
David Mendenhall: See? I knew it.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yeah, you, you're, you're stealing, you're stealing money.
David Mendenhall: Another liar and cheater.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, no, you are stealing her money. Now, now, then you, you, you, you can… you have assumed she's a thief.
David Mendenhall: I'm not… I'm not… I'm not stealing anything. I gotta… I gotta run Legend Lord, I gotta pay binder's fees, I gotta do investigations, I gotta talk to guilds, like…
David Mendenhall: I'm not stealing anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, who's.
David Mendenhall: Somehow I gotta carry around.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Goldie.
David Mendenhall: And not spend it for… well, the rest of the party is trying to unload it behind my back.
Wade Brown: Just, just think of the encumbrance.
Kostadis Roussos: It makes the game.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, let me, there's just a couple more things I need to put here.
David Mendenhall: By the way, hold person is a thing, FYI.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know.
Wade Brown: Short rest doesn't restore, spell slots, though.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, so… Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just, put some numbers on these guys.
David Mendenhall: It does not, but according to my character sheet, I have all my spells, which is weird, because I…
Wade Brown: Pass silence and hold person at least.
David Mendenhall: Oh, no, no, no, I used two whole persons, that's all I used.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you also…
Wade Brown: Or you started with the silence as well, that we tried.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, that's right, I used a hold person, then a silence. I used two second-level spells, that's it.
Kostadis Roussos: And, and you also used the spell, the, the, the, the whips, the, the…
Wade Brown: Alright, Wisp.
David Mendenhall: That's a cantro.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, wow, that caused that much damage on a critical.
Wade Brown: It was a cr… yeah.
David Mendenhall: It was a critical.
Wade Brown: It was a good crit.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it was… that was a good credit. Alright, there's four of these guys.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, the… what happened to two?
David Mendenhall: There were too many other ones to bother me.
David Mendenhall: What? So much corruption.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on.
David Mendenhall: They're worlds, guys.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: My blood sings for challenge, and there the next verse.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Exactly.
Wade Brown: Wanna kill everybody?
Kostadis Roussos: He's like, you know, you could have just given us the money, Vukradin.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah.
David Mendenhall: You know, there's a fucking set of cheaters.
Kostadis Roussos: What… why is every… why are you so cranky, man?
David Mendenhall: I just wanted my goddamn music studio, and I ended up having to go save the world.
Kostadis Roussos: You could have your music studio. All you have to do is to, you know, compromise a few principles here and there.
David Mendenhall: You don't get it.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I don't.
Wade Brown: No selling out.
Kostadis Roussos: But you have started… what you do notice is that you, you have started to acquire a reputation.
David Mendenhall: Well, I was going to cast a spell before you interrupted this thing, so I guess that didn't happen.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so let me just, let me just, I need to do, I need to,
Kostadis Roussos: Let me make sure I'm not doing something wrong with these.
Kostadis Roussos: With these characters… I got the…
Kostadis Roussos: 17.
David Mendenhall: brewery initiative.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I did roll it. I rolled a 7.
David Mendenhall: 7, alright. 7.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I haven't had my ale, so, you know.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
David Mendenhall: And Valfina needs an initiative role.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: She gets a 22.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Nice.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Oh, 22. Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Use the 20s for initiative.
Wade Brown: Yeah, it's the best place to use them, right?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, bestest place, exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's first?
Kostadis Roussos: Valky name.
Wade Brown: Stop painting.
David Mendenhall: Can, can you use that fireball spell now?
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, if I recall correctly, you're the one with the fireball.
David Mendenhall: Will you shut up?
Kostadis Roussos: I… I do not have Hiram Fireball.
David Mendenhall: I think I might need to get a new party that's, like, more aligned with my values.
Wade Brown: I mean, you definitely are at odds with this part.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Good luck.
David Mendenhall: There seem to be quite a bit at odds, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: 8 o'clock.
David Mendenhall: Let's see what's in here.
Kostadis Roussos: Just to be clear, she's not saying she has any issues with what you have, she's simply saying you have the fireballs, she does not.
David Mendenhall: Don't care.
David Mendenhall: How many times do I have to explain it? I don't have it.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh! I see… oh, oh, I see what you mean! Oh, okay, then nobody has Fireball.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Bye.
David Mendenhall: Could you maybe, like, acquire the spell at some point?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm not… I'm not… the church of… the cult of Lithandr views the casting of fireballs by Lithandrian clerics to be an affront against their god.
David Mendenhall: Oh. Okay. Well, don't… okay, I didn't realize that, I'm sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, you know, so…
David Mendenhall: I didn't mean to offend your god. That was not my intention.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Fair enough.
David Mendenhall: Can you kill some things, though? That'd be helpful.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes here, and she uses her aura.
Kostadis Roussos: She cast, what's recall it?
Kostadis Roussos: Spirit Guardians.
Kostadis Roussos: And did 10 points of damage, they make their saving throws.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, one guy… Sylvine makes it, so she takes 5 points of damage. Runa, Volk…
Kostadis Roussos: Godotier, Mocteuyer takes, 10 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: Any way she can walk and hit the other one?
Kostadis Roussos: She moved as much as she could.
Kostadis Roussos: I can't remove it.
Kostadis Roussos: I counted.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, who's next?
Wade Brown: veteran?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, buddy.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Veteran number 2.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, veteran number 2.
Kostadis Roussos: Marches up to Valfine.
Kostadis Roussos: And… Wax.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, attacks with their… the first, that is a miss.
Kostadis Roussos: What's her armor class?
Wade Brown: Healthy? He's 82.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, alright. Excuse me.
Wade Brown: grief.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, nope, nope, no worries.
Kostadis Roussos: That's also a miss, and then…
Kostadis Roussos: The short sword, that is, 2D6 board.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 25.
Kostadis Roussos: Plus 3.
Kostadis Roussos: Takes 10 points of damage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Ophini takes 7 points of damage, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: 10, 10 points of damage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 10.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and she has to… make… A…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Concentration check.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so let me see who that is… Oh, he blows it.
Kostadis Roussos: Not… not good for the good guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, she loses her concentration.
Kostadis Roussos: Unless someone could give me a Bardic inspiration so I can try to get it… try it again.
Wade Brown: Barnac, it's not a reaction.
David Mendenhall: Everybody has bardic inspiration.
Kostadis Roussos: She already used it.
David Mendenhall: Because we short-rested. Everybody has it.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay, well then, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope, that did not work. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's next?
Wade Brown: I think it's me… So yeah, bonus action in the wild shape.
Wade Brown: There we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Bear.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Wade Brown: I mean, until we have a whole bunch of people, Wolf isn't so good.
Wade Brown: And… let's see, Veteran 2 has already acted, so let's look at Veteran 1.
Wade Brown: Scrolling, and…
Kostadis Roussos: 10 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: The 13's of us.
Wade Brown: Yeah, 10 and 30, 10 and 10. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, 10 points of damage on number 1, yep.
Wade Brown: Yep.
Wade Brown: That's 2 attacks.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, but the first one didn't hit.
Wade Brown: Oh, right, I was gonna burn Bard, did Bardik inspire that one? 28 now, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Wade Brown: So, I got a 50-50, actually a little higher than I… Alright, they're both hits.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so.
Wade Brown: No 20 points, yep.
Wade Brown: And at least the bar inspired…
Wade Brown: And I'll also mark a wild shape. Oh, you already got the 20 points. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: Wild shit.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: during 3.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's got the… who's got the treasure?
David Mendenhall: Me…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: By treasure, you mean the melted gold? The slag, yeah. …suck in the ice?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so, do we want… okay,
Kostadis Roussos: You've got it. Where are you rooting? You're over here.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: He's behind, golfing.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you seriously have it, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so this guy…
Kostadis Roussos: Comes here.
Kostadis Roussos: And he will.
Kostadis Roussos: Try to take the treasure from you, so his sleight of hands against your sleight of hands.
David Mendenhall: Okay…
David Mendenhall: alone.
Kostadis Roussos: That is a very… that is a blown point.
David Mendenhall: 7.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Nice try, Betty.
Wade Brown: I think you stole more treasure from them in the exchange.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You tried to do this with veteran number 4, it's not his turn.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, sorry, move veteran number 3.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so that was veteran number 4, yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: No, we couldn't.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, it's veteran number one. Where is he?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I'm sorry, I… I just… it's… you… this… Veteran number…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We're here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, I'm just trying to.
Wade Brown: You're good.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, I know, I know, it's veteran number one. Well,
Kostadis Roussos: There's a big bear in front of her.
Kostadis Roussos: He's got a first…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: is thirsty, full of treasure. Maybe tries to…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, it's just… and the bear gets an opportunity attack?
Kostadis Roussos: She would move over there, but, like, she's, like, she sees, like, how… She could go like this.
Wade Brown: Yeah, as long as she doesn't leave my range.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, shit.
Wade Brown: You can dance around me all day.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: She's gonna try to steal the treasure.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Five.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, dude, unless you roll a 1, you made it.
David Mendenhall: Who, me? You want me to enroll again?
Wade Brown: These people are burning their actions just trying to grab the treasure. It must be worth something.
David Mendenhall: I roll a 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, 11. Alright, okay, that, you know.
David Mendenhall: I rolled a 2.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, she goes… she shouts, second plan! We kill them all! Alright.
David Mendenhall: Is it my turn now?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: It,
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh my god, sister.
Kostadis Roussos: Dave, we're waiting for you.
Kostadis Roussos: The days disappear?
David Mendenhall: The two flanking me can make their wisdom saves, and let me know if anybody fails.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, one of them failed, and what's your saving throw?
David Mendenhall: 15.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's two fails so far.
David Mendenhall: Looks like 2 fails to me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, they're both failed. I just wanted to make…
David Mendenhall: 3 and 4 are held.
Kostadis Roussos: I know.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, fully's out of range. You've got one…
Kostadis Roussos: 1, 2, and 3.
David Mendenhall: blanking me, I can't see.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 3-in-1.
David Mendenhall: 1 and 3, 1 and 3 are held.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: held. Okay, I'll write it down. Hold on.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, there we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: I'm done. Actually, since I did that, I can now escape.
Wade Brown: Yep.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
David Mendenhall: That's cool.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm up.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, so I go in an instant rage, and I yell, try not to die too quickly, I want to enjoy this.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, go for the… go for one of the held ones. You'll… you'll get crits and advantage and all that stuff.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: But that…
Kostadis Roussos: But that would not be sporting.
David Mendenhall: That would not be what?
Wade Brown: Sporting.
Wade Brown: He's a drunk, not a… not a, you know.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so build the easy ones, brewery.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Which one should I hack at?
David Mendenhall: I… well, let's see, you should kill one first.
Wade Brown: Yeah, one is at lower health, I believe.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We're going for one.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Boom, baby. That's 15…
David Mendenhall: Okay, you got a critical, so roll critical damage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Huh.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's what… 18 plus 220… 20… 28? 30.
Kostadis Roussos: 30 points of time.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Thank you.
David Mendenhall: 30 with the first attack?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Minister Mom.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And here comes the second attack.
Wade Brown: Comes the boom!
David Mendenhall: Damn.
Kostadis Roussos: dead.
David Mendenhall: Duh, duh, duh.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 8, yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's true.
David Mendenhall: Alright, Veteran 4.
Kostadis Roussos: Veteran 4 decides to run.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Root Smasher stands, you don't. That's the story.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That was my victory quote.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: Sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Veteran 4 decides to run, saying, screw this shit.
Kostadis Roussos: There's more money to be found elsewhere.
David Mendenhall: Bedroom 4 ran away.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so…
Wade Brown: Probably so.
David Mendenhall: Sir Robin? Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? No, no.
David Mendenhall: surrounded out of there.
Kostadis Roussos: He actually, he says, to quote, well, now that the carver's dead.
David Mendenhall: Oh, so he's one of the carver's men.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, or he suddenly realizes that there's an opportunity for a new criminal gang lord here.
Wade Brown: Room for advancement.
Kostadis Roussos: There's, you know, the opportunities for advancement for those who are alive suddenly, you know, career advancement opportunities suddenly became a lot more interesting.
Wade Brown: Got a lot of climbers in the Carver's Org.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, he's… he's dashing, he's, like, down the hallway. Alright.
David Mendenhall: Alright, I do not care about that guy, as long as he's leaving me alone.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, who is next? Who's next, Tari?
Wade Brown: I think that brings it back to Valfine, and then me.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, Balfinay.
Wade Brown: Or Valfinier than 2 than me, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, Balfine.
Kostadis Roussos: She's, like, run out of Spirit Guardians.
Wade Brown: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: She will… What's this? She has a very interesting word of radiance, right?
Kostadis Roussos: 5, but… Alright, so… Oh, you could use, in effect, both of them. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… Valfine will use her Word of Radiance.
Kostadis Roussos: Could it be more useless?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, if they make their saving gross. Alright.
David Mendenhall: Are you, like, out of spell slots?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, she doesn't really have any, like, spell slots.
Wade Brown: offense.
Kostadis Roussos: No, like, she, yeah, she ran out of Spirit Guardians.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Next.
Wade Brown: Veteran 2?
Kostadis Roussos: Veteran, too.
Kostadis Roussos: Veteran 2 sees Veteran 3 paralyzed.
Kostadis Roussos: Sees a bear, and sees a drow cleric.
Wade Brown: RARC…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And it's for Steve Balberry.
Kostadis Roussos: And a thirsty barbarian, and he's…
David Mendenhall: So, in Texas.
David Mendenhall: all around.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's called Disengage.
Wade Brown: Oh, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Disengaged. Disengaged, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. So, but he… it's called Disengage and Run. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Do you guys want to finish off 4?
Wade Brown: Yeah, I'll bonk 3, I'm not gonna go chase, yeah.
Wade Brown: Just advantage these…
David Mendenhall: You have advantage, auto-crit.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Wade Brown: For what, it'll matter, that'll be an extra one, D82D6, so…
Wade Brown: 1D8 plus 2D6, is that right? There we go.
Wade Brown: So another 8, so 22, 30 damage total…
Wade Brown: Where did I leave that spreadsheet?
Wade Brown: Here it is, 30 damage on number 3.
David Mendenhall: Down to 28.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: 28… Alright.
David Mendenhall: He gets the saving throw roll.
Wade Brown: Gotta try to get out of hold.
Kostadis Roussos: Does not make it.
Wade Brown: Poor boy.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's next?
David Mendenhall: Is he still held?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's a… it's you. You, Curtin.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Your next step.
David Mendenhall: Okay, seeing that the combat is going just fine, I'm going to send my message to Sir Kalen.
Kostadis Roussos: Which one?
David Mendenhall: The dragon is dead, so is the carver.
David Mendenhall: We're heading to Neverwinter… Spread the word.
Kostadis Roussos: So are you casting sending? Alright.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I casted Sending, and I sent a message to Sir Kalen informing him that we killed the dragon and the carver.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: brewery.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep, let me finish him off.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 11? Oh, that sucks.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: But we still have Baldic inspiration.
Wade Brown: That all it does is hit rolls.
Wade Brown: Because your hit rolls auto-crit anyway, so…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Sit down.
David Mendenhall: Did Sir Kalen say anything back?
Kostadis Roussos: He can't say back, it's one-way messaging.
David Mendenhall: We can look at the spell.
David Mendenhall: The target hears the message in its mind, recognizes you as the sender if it knows you, and can answer in a like manner immediately.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay, I have to… I think what he's gonna say.
Kostadis Roussos: Why don't you guys continue rolling, and I will think about what I have.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So I'm sort of lost here, so I… let's see, I wrote… I rolled 11, and I want to add the, Bardic inspiration. That's a 1D8, is it?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Wade Brown: But you don't need to, right? He's hell.
David Mendenhall: You have advantage. If you're.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: If you're striking the number 3, you already have advantage.
Wade Brown: Yes, sorry. As long as you don't roll a 1, you crit, so…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, no, it's a 22, alright, that's 8, let me roll the damage again.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So that's 10, 18, 20, alright.
David Mendenhall: critical damage. He's dead.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, no, I already counted the critical, so it's still got 8 left, but I've got a second attack, so…
David Mendenhall: Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: should be dead.
Wade Brown: Good chance of it.
David Mendenhall: With the second attack, you're gonna get it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, 25, 11 is dead.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, that was your best, I'm disappointed, and still thirsty.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah.
Wade Brown: Drink their tears.
David Mendenhall: Good job, T. Good job, T.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Sir Kaelin is still thinking about it.
Wade Brown: Who are these weirdos?
David Mendenhall: Hey, ma'am!
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, he, he, he's.
David Mendenhall: Steel and shield for the Order of the gauntlet.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, hold on. No, the problem is he only has 25 words, and he's not a man of few words.
Wade Brown: That's why.
David Mendenhall: For once in his life, he has to be brief, huh?
Wade Brown: Well played.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. So, Sir Kaelin pauses, he sits there, he's clearly… he thinks to himself, And says, Well done.
Kostadis Roussos: Well done.
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, what is it, what does he say? Well done.
Wade Brown: about.
Kostadis Roussos: Well done, well done. Come to Fandelin quick.
Kostadis Roussos: Issues with the Emerald Enclave.
Wade Brown: Oh, fuck.
David Mendenhall: Okay, okay, alright, alright, that's helpful.
Wade Brown: You share this information with us.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so, yeah, he says that, we need to go to Fandel, and we're gonna go… And of course.
Wade Brown: We can't ask him back now, which faction of the.
David Mendenhall: No, not unless we long rest, because I'm out of spells.
Wade Brown: Exactly, no, that's fine. That's enough motivation.
Kostadis Roussos: Unless you decide to get exhausted, you're gonna take a long rest between…
Kostadis Roussos: You're, you're, you're pretty far away, I remember.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Well, yeah. Yeah.
David Mendenhall: That's fine. I, I mean… He's about as close as someone we can actually trust as anybody.
Wade Brown: Oh my god.
Kostadis Roussos: He's moved up in the world.
David Mendenhall: No, I don't trust him. He's as close as anybody.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's right, he moved up!
Kostadis Roussos: I didn't say you trust him, but compared to the previous reaction, you're all crooks, criminals, thieves, and scoundrels.
Wade Brown: But we almost trust you.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Alright, he, he…
Kostadis Roussos: No, he goes, he goes, he goes, I finally have it. Praise Torm! Your righteous victory brings light to the north. The gauntlet awaits your arrival in Fandalin. We shall celebrate your conflict-free triumph together.
Kostadis Roussos: And…
David Mendenhall: Free Triumph?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I heard celebrate, say no more. Let's go.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, and we're…
Wade Brown: Fighting a fucking dragon, that was conflict.
David Mendenhall: Big chat GPT fan.
Kostadis Roussos: And he says.
David Mendenhall: Uncostatas.
Wade Brown: What?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What?
David Mendenhall: I liked the first message.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know.
David Mendenhall: non-AI,
Wade Brown: We could hear the EM dashes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you know, no, I'm signing.
David Mendenhall: You could hear the dashes.
Kostadis Roussos: So, yeah, so he goes… he does say, praise Torm, who's the god, I was trying to… that's what I was trying to remember, then says, well done,
Kostadis Roussos: Glory to the order of the gauntlet, come quickly, issues with.
Wade Brown: Boom.
Kostadis Roussos: Come quickly to Phandalin, issues with Emerald Enclave.
David Mendenhall: Go.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Alright, we can break there.
Wade Brown: app.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Good, sending actually was useful for something, how about that?
Wade Brown: Got us back on.
David Mendenhall: I don't think I've actually used that spell before.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know, I don't… I think that's, like, literally the first time I've ever used… ever had in a campaign where somebody's used that, so…
Wade Brown: First time for everything.
David Mendenhall: No.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's like sending an SMS, I mean, it's pretty useful.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, it's like text messaging, yeah, basically.
David Mendenhall: manageable.
Kostadis Roussos: It works across planes of existence.
David Mendenhall: I know.
David Mendenhall: It's pretty useful.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, and you can block somebody if they're really pinging you and annoying you.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's good. You got a block feature and everything. It's texting! Magical texting.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: I was like, wait, it's literally got a mag… it's got a, you know, do not disturb function.
David Mendenhall: Look at the block feature.
Wade Brown: God.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm like, I'm just… just imagining the guys who put together that stat block.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, folks, have a good evening.
David Mendenhall: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh, oh, good morning, everybody.
David Mendenhall: By the way…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, by the way, I don't know if anybody noticed the slight pun on the magical item… the item required as a component.
David Mendenhall: Copper wire.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, per phone.
David Mendenhall: Hell.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Has anybody seen my message in Discord as well? I was asking if any of you have played Coriolis before.
David Mendenhall: No, I am not playing.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, alright, okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, well, have fun. Alright. Talk soon.
Kostadis Roussos: Why did you ask about Coriolis? You have to answer that question.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, because I'm setting up a campaign with my kids and a friend, and I wanted to get some tips if any of you had played it before. It's the same system as a Year Mutant Zero.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Free, free league publishing thing. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Take care.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Bye.